hey guys today I'm going to do a
hairstyle for you and it's actually
inspired by Aubrey O'Day from making the
band now part of um Danity Kane I love
the way she wears her hair and so today
I'm going to do a style and that she
wore and the first thing that I'm going
to do is I'm going to start by adding
some volume to my hair and the way that
I'm going to do that is by ratting it so
grab the crown section of your hair and
begin by just back combing your hair
like this
and then add some hair spray and a
really strong one if you have it and
then you're going to kind of section off
where you just ratted and take a layer
and let it fall down and then rat
another section
and then do it again and keep doing that
until you get to the front of your
section that you had pulled up
originally
and then you're going to get sections in
the front and do the same thing and
actually I'm going to go ahead and make
my part where I would normally wear my
hair before I do that
okay now that that's done you're going
to kind of smooth out the outer sections
of your hair not a lot because you still
want to have that volume but just enough
to smooth out the outer layer so that it
doesn't look like The Bride of
Frankenstein
okay so then I'm actually going to pull
it to this side to add a little bit more
interest like so and you kind of push it
up a little bit to give it a little more
height and then go ahead and wrap it
with a ponytail holder okay like that
and then I'm going to take a piece of
hair and wrap it around my ponytail
holder so that you won't be able to see
it okay so now I've secured it so that
you can't see the hair tie and then what
you're going to do is just take strands
of your hair and you're going to curl
them with your curling iron and I think
that this curling iron is about a 11 and
a half inch maybe curling iron okay so I
finished curling the ends of my hair and
the next thing you're going to do is
you're actually going to take one of
your curls and you're just going to
backcomb it just a little bit just to
add some more volume to your curls
just like that and so then you're just
going to take your hair spray and spray
those curls
and I always add to look I always like
to add a little touch of shine so I'm
going to go ahead and missed it with my
shine spray and there you have it
another beautiful style coming to you
from heavenly naturals come and check me
out soon
you